Rework plot architecture (#453)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/vara-ts-api/plots.rst

Plots are used to visualize data from one or more reports.
VaRA-TS comes with its own plot abstraction that uses pyplot, seaborn and similar for plotting, which can tie plot and research data together to be automatically generated.
Here, you can find detailed information about how plots work in VaRA-TS and how to implement your own plots.
For an introduction on how to generate plots see :ref:`this guide <Visualizing Data>`.

Plot Architecture
-----------------

In the following, we describe the architecture of the VaRA-TS plot system.
The figure below gives an overview how the command line options are passed through the plot pipeline.

.. figure:: plot_architecture.svg

The command line interface for ``vara-plot`` consists of four parts:

1. *Common options:* handle functionality common to all plots, like file format
2. *Plot config:* for tuning visual appearance; specific plots may or may not respect them
3. *Plot generator name:* name of the concrete plot generator
4. *Plot- or table-specific options*: options specific to a certain plot

Plot generation is handeled by the :class:`~varats.plot.plots.PlotGenerator` classes.

> The CLI selects a concrete plot generator via the passed **plot generator name** and immediately calls its ``__call__()`` function (which is implemented by the :class:`~varats.plot.plots.PlotGenerator` itself and must not be overridden by subclasses).

Reviewer: Should we decorate the method with `@final`?

Author: I wasn't aware that such a decorator exists. And yes, for now, we could definitely add that decorator.

I can imagine that in the future there maybe might be a case where we would need to override this function (e.g., for some obscure plotting framework), but if so, we can still remove the annotation.

> The CLI selects a concrete plot generater via the passed **plot generator name** and immeadiately calls its ``__call__()`` function (which is implemented by the :class:`~varats.plot.plots.PlotGenerator` itself and must not be overridden by subclasses).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CLI selects a concrete plot generator via the passed **plot generator name** and immediately calls its ``__call__()`` function (which is implemented by the :class:`~varats.plot.plots.PlotGenerator` itself and must not be overridden by subclasses).
```
